everybody dr. Anya today I'm going to be
showing you how to find the Sultan RS a
lot of people have been asking how to
get this you won't see npcs driving
these around so that's why they've been
asking it's a really nice car it goes
really fast it's faster than the
sentinel XS I believe so yeah let's go
see if we can find one
I colored mine after the two green cars
from Fast and the Furious I mean one of
them's of Mitsubishi don't remember but
the first thing we need to do is we need
to just find a normal Karen Sultan so
let's go and see if we can find one
it'll be just all over the show like
parked on the side of the road that
actually might be one what is that other
thing that's the Dodge okay looks like
the same from the side almost the
windows are a bit shorter
so we just need to go find a normal NPC
salton and I'll show you what do we need
to do next
normally find them in car park so just
driving around or parked around
just keep your eyes open
let's go done yeah
why do we never find what we're looking
for
okay there's some call box down here
that we can check
good onion Cephas any
if I don't find one I'll just cut the
video and then come back one upon one
that black one might have been one but
it was good my team falls for me to see
nothing in this gen carpark
that's a Karen the right one
any of these
Oh
nope
one more car park to check
you normally find them in the desert so
I'll go check the desert so I'll be
right back I'm gonna drive through the
desert and see if I can find one
and I'm back so this is what you guys
want to be looking for this is just a
normal Salton I'll show you where I
found it
what you want to do once you've found
one of these is you want to go to a MOT
shop yeah there you go
so now we're gonna take this and head
over to the matchup and then I'll show
you how to make it a sultan RS as you
can see on the back just a normal care
insulting
if you guys ever need help finding rare
cause so if you want my help to find a
rare car just add me on Twitter at
doctrine and come watch my stream
twitch.tv/esa i normally helped people
on stream so if you need my help just
come in the stream chat you know add me
on the social club come into the stream
chat and tell me what your in-game name
is and if I'm not doing anything at the
moment then I will help you sign
whatever you need to find boys fighting
me
so here we are at the auto repairs
here for the magic touch so all you need
to do turn this into a sultan RS is to
buy a roll cage see RS Sultan aureus
I'll buy this you'll see the RS on the
back and you'll see the side decals so
now to solve Norris so that's how you
find the Sultan aureus guys you just go
find a normal Karen Sultan and you put a
roll cage in it and it comes with a
sultan RS thank you for watching hope
you liked the video if you did give me a
like if you want to see more subscribe
and give me some comments
so I'll check you guys later Cheers